small additions (#39)
movestore/movestore.github.io: best_practices_coding.md

### Projections
Currently, all data that is uploaded from Movebank into MoveApps will be in `EPSG:4326`. However, different Apps allow to reproject the data, or custom input files can be uploaded by a user. Therefore, when creating an App, it is important to ensure that the App can deal with incoming data in any kind of projection.

If your App only works with data in `EPSG:4326` or if they must be projected, you can always reproject the data for the purposes of your App, and than either pass on the data with the changed or original projection. If the projection of the input and output data will be different we recommend to inform about this in the documentation and also with a message in the logs using e.g. the `logger.info()` function.

In the templates we provide test data (`data/raw/`) in `EPSG:4326` and also projected data to ease testing the Apps. 

### Time zones

> All data that is uploaded from Movebank into MoveApps will have timestamps in `UTC`. Sometimes for local studies it makes sense to transform the timestamps into the local timezone to better interpret the results. Feel free to do that for your App if needed. *Please do not pass on data as an output with timestamps in a different timezone than UTC, but reproject it*. Lots of tracking data span across different timezones, which makes "local timezone" non-existent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All tracking data that is uploaded into MoveApps will have timestamps in `UTC`. Sometimes for local studies it makes sense to transform the timestamps into the local timezone to better interpret the results. Feel free to do that for your App if needed. *Please do not pass on data as an output with timestamps in a different timezone than UTC, but always transform it back to UTC*. Lots of tracking data span across different timezones, which makes "local timezone" non-existent.
```

Reviewer: cloud und local upload ist auch UTC. D.h. alle uploads, da es noch keinen anderen weg gibt :)
timestamps kann man nicht reproject :)
